Clarify test 6.1.31 (#827)
oasis-tcs/csaf: csaf_2.1/prose/edit/src/tests-01-mndtr-31-version-range-in-product-version.md

For each element of type `/$defs/branches_t` with `category` of `product_version` it MUST be tested that
the value of `name` does not contain a version range.

> To implement this test it is deemed sufficient that, when converted to lower case, the value of `name` satisfies the two requirements below:
>
> 1. It does not contain any of the following operators:
>
>    ```
>      <
>      <=
>      >
>      >=
>    ```
>

> > 2. If interpreted as individual word separated by whitespace, it does not contain any of the following keywords:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. If interpreted as a list of individual words separated by whitespace, the list does not contain any of the following keywords:
```

Reviewer: I tried to rephrase it a little bit more.

Author: Works for me as well.
